I wish that target would um you know say
hi once in a while maybe just like send
the text sometimes hike afternoon we're
back in LA now and I just wanted to show
you some stuff that I got from Target I
wish that target would notice me because
I love them so much target if you're out
there watching I love you I hope one day
that you recognize the love that we have
for each other and maybe you want to
sponsor me I don't know if there's a CML
you know you take me up anytime anytime
you want this could be us but you play
until then this video is not sponsored
by Target but I still wanted to show you
all the cool stuff that I got from
Target let's do this target haul cool I
love this setup it's a great setup I'm
complimenting my own setup I'm working
on building self-esteem I'm really close
to being there all right so I got this
blue hoodie because if you watch all my
vlogs you know I don't have enough
hoodies I never have enough hoodies I'm
always telling myself Nikki you've got
to get a hoodie
you have no hoodie do I love this
sweater I can't tell you maybe if Target
noticed me I would say cool things about
that maybe I'd say something like it's
just thin enough to block you from the
cold during the summer night I got a
hoodie I got another hoodie I wish I
could tell you how I feel about this
it's very soft and it feels like
something I could wear all day or a day
is it cute I don't know don't know how I
feel about it
pink short very summertime I didn't try
these on yes I just did a trick in the
store where you take the waistband and
you put it around your neck and if it
touches on the other side then that
means it fits and if it doesn't then you
know you're don't buy those are
they cute I'm not telling you I got
these hair tie very practical thing to
own in like two days they'll all be
missing underneath a couch cushion
somewhere I don't know where do my hair
ties go to where do they leave me I hope
wherever they are I hope they're out
there having fun
miss them I wish they knew that I wish I
could tell them I don't know when I'll
ever get to see them again let's not
talk about that I got new hair ties
these are two dollars for all of these
whoa is that a bargain I don't know
maybe this looks like a sex toy it does
though right but it's not it's not
sometimes I'm the sixteen-year-old boy
six sexes time to wait for you no it's
not shut up sixteen-year-old boy I mean
this is a curling wand which my
hairstylist used to curl my to toss all
my hair with so when I was walking by
and Target I saw this and I thought to
myself ah I could toss on my hair this
is something I need in my life and it's
pink my favorite color I just can't wait
to use this or can I wait I could
probably wait a long time to use it
maybe I'll wait all day I'll wait all
day I'll wait all week months probably
not longer than months because I want to
use it wet out I also got this wet brush
it's a oh sorry look it there's a logo
for it also this video is not sponsored
by the wet brush it's all the rage right
now I've seen a bunch of girls to have
this posting about it it's a really good
detangle brush to brush your wet or dry
hair you know think about her you know
that you're not supposed to brush wet
her supposed to comb wet her and then
you're supposed to brush dry hair but
with a wet brush you can brush wet her
supposed to detangle your hair really
easily it give you this opening here you
can feel the bristles and how like a
full and flexible they are but also I
wonder how many people have fingered
these bristles big deal I already have a
brush cut out got this book look 30
percent off cool deal this is Amy
Poehler's book yes or is it no thanks
you don't know we'll see Wow
Oh my nails look like crap right now
don't look at them these are nail
polishes from Essie spring 2015
collection I would not know that if they
hadn't been on the 2015 spring
collection display this one is called
chill on row it's like cilantro but it's
more chill because it's a light green
fun this one is called vibrant vibe get
in there not a play on words it's just a
fact
deal with it and then this one is like a
really pretty purple e blue called
all-access pass so when you're wearing
this color people are like oh let her in
I don't know who she is but Jesus you
must be a somebody because that color is
way too gorgeous or is it that's it
that's the end of the target haul I hope
you liked it I hope you really enjoyed
it I did or didn't one of those too I
just you know I wish that target would
um you know say hi once in a while maybe
just like send the text subscribe to my
channel see you tomorrow just makes your
fingers smell like brown sugar and
vanilla smells like you just fingered a
gingerbread man it's amazing